feat(BCD-419): doc for new deployment mode in bcd cli (#147)
bonitasoft/bonita-continuous-delivery-doc: md/livingapp_build_and_deploy.md

This command will first build the Bonita repository for the given environment. The output of the build command are located in the _target_ directory, created by the builder. The generated _Application Archive_ and _Configuration Artifact_ are then automatically used by the deploy command.  

::: warning
:fa-exclamation-triangle:

> Don't forget to add the `--development-mode` to the arguments if want to apply development policies (ex: replace organization, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to add the `--development-mode` option if you want to deploy using Development policies (eg. replace processes and profiles, merge organization data). Otherwise Production deployment policies will be used (eg. existing processes are left untouched).
```
